updated quick_overview docs (#1)
kristiankyvik/gpt-engineer: docs/intro/quick_overview.md

# GPT-Engineer Documentation

> GPT-Engineer is a project that uses language models to automate the process of software engineering. It includes several Python scripts that interact with the language model to generate code, clarify requirements, generate specifications, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GPT-Engineer is a project that uses LLMs (such as GPT-4) to automate the process of software engineering. It includes several Python scripts that interact with the LLM to generate code, clarify requirements, generate specifications, and more.
```

<br>

## Core Components
### 1. AI Class (`gpt_engineer/core/ai.py`)

> The AI class is the main interface to the language model. It provides methods to start a conversation with the model, continue an existing conversation, and format system and user messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AI class is the main interface to the LLM. It provides methods to start a conversation with the model, continue an existing conversation, and format system and user messages.
```

<br>

### 2. Agent Class (`gpt_engineer/applications/cli/cli_agent.py`)
The Agent class is responsible for managing the lifecycle of code generation and improvement. The module contains two functions: 

> `init(self, prompt)`: Generates a new piece of code using the AI based on the provided prompt. It also generates a entrypoint file based on the generated code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`init(self, prompt)`: Generates a new piece of code using the [AI class](#ai-class) based on the provided prompt. It also generates a entrypoint file based on the generated code.
```

> `improve(self, files_dict, prompt)`: Improves an existing piece of code using the AI based on the provided prompt and files dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`improve(self, files_dict, prompt)`: Improves an existing piece of code using the AI class based on the provided prompt and files dictionary.
```

<br>

### 3. Files Dictionary (`gpt_engineer/core/files_dict.py`)

> The Files Dictionary class extends the standard dictionary to enforce string keys and values, representing filenames and their corresponding code content. It provides a method to format its contents for chat-based interaction with an AI agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Files Dictionary class extends the standard dictionary to enforce string keys and values, representing filenames and their corresponding code content. It provides a method to format its contents for chat-based interaction with the AI class.
```

<br>

### 4. Chat to Files (`gpt_engineer/core/chat_to_files.py`)

> This module provides utilities to handle and process chat content, including parsing chat messages to retrieve code blocks, storing these blocks in the dictionary-based container, and overwriting the files based on new chat messages. The module contains four main functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides utilities to handle and process chat content, including parsing chat messages to retrieve code blocks, storing these blocks in the File Dictionary, and overwriting the files based on new chat messages. The module contains four main functions:
```

> `chat_to_files_dict(chat)`: This function takes a chat conversation and extracts all the code blocks and preceding filenames. It returns a dictionary-based container representing filenames and their corresponding code content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`chat_to_files_dict(chat)`: This function takes a chat conversation and extracts all the code blocks and preceding filenames. It returns an instance of File Dictionary representing filenames and their corresponding code content.
```

> `parse_edits(chat)`: This function parses all the edits from a chat and returns them as a list of edit objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`parse_edits(chat)`: This function parses edits from a chat and returns them as a list of Edit class objects.
```

`apply_edits(edits, files_dict)`: This function takes a list of Edit objects and applies each edit to the code object. It handles the creation of new files and the modification of existing files when required.

> `overwrite_code_with_edits(chat, files_dict)`: This function takes a chat string, and employs the parse_edits fucntion to parse it for edits, before applying the edits to the relevant code object via the apply_edits function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`overwrite_code_with_edits(chat, files_dict)`: This function takes a chat string, and employs the parse_edits function to parse it for edits, before applying the edits to the relevant code object via the apply_edits function.
```
